[Merged by Bors] - chore(README): fix docs for building documentation locally (#14114)
leanprover-community/mathlib4: README.md

### Building HTML documentation

Building HTML documentation locally is straightforward, but it may take a while (>20 minutes):

```shell
lake -R -Kdoc=on update doc-gen4
lake build Mathlib:docs
```

The HTML files can then be found in `build/doc`.

> (Note that these commands will make a change to `lake-manifest.json`
> which should *not* be committed to Mathlib)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: these commands will make a change to `lake-manifest.json`
which should *not* be committed to Mathlib.
```
